== Patient Roster ==

Context: an appointment system for a doctor's office.

A doctor has patients, each of whom has an OHIP number, 
family name, first name and gender.  The doctor has a limit on the number
of patients they can take.  The doctor may have a gender balance rule:
a limit on the difference between the number of male and female patients
they are willing to have.  When a patient asks to register with the
doctor, they will be successful only if the doctor is not at his or her
limit and the patient will not violate the doctor's gender balance rule.
Sometimes patients move, change doctors, or die, and in those cases they
need to be removed from the doctor's list.

Design and implement a class for a patient roster.

== Class List ==

Context: a student records system like ROSI

A course has students in it. Each student is identified by a unique 
student number. There is a limit on how many students can register,
but that limit can change.  Students are allowed to add and drop the
course.

Design and implement a class for a class list.

== Player ==

Context: an app for a game like 2048 or PacMan, where players get
a score each time they play.

A player has a name and a history of the last 100 scores they've
achieved in the game.  We need to keep track of new scores they
get so we can determine their top score and their average score
on their most recent n games, where n is some positive whole number.

Design and implement a class for a player.

== Inventory Item ==

Context: an inventory system

Items are for sale, each one at its own price.  Items are identified
by their item number, and they also have a text description, such as
"bath towel".  There are categories that items belong to, such as
"housewares" and "books".  We need to be able to print a suitable
price tag for an item (you can decide the exact format).  Sometimes
an item is discounted by a certain percentage.  We need to be able
to compare two items to see which is cheaper.

Design and implement a class for an inventory item.

